To borrow Tendou's words for a second...
I'm starting to get into it!
There's something wrong with his hand.
But you have to risk something if you want a reward!
Karasuno is only Karasuno when we're persistently attacking!
Full-team synchronized attack!
All right!
Damn it!
See? That's why you've gotta have someone stay back to dig out a block.
Having everyone attack is way too reckless!
That block was rather effective.
Did that just decide this match?
We'll...
We'll do that again next time.
Shiratorizawa!
Hinata.
Always keep the block timing in your head.
Since you're short, that'll be much more important for you.
Shiratorizawa!
Right.
If you feel like you're going to be even a little late, switch over to a soft block.
Shiratorizawa!
The plate technique, right?
Push through!
All right!
Sorry.
Shake it off!
They finally stopped him.
How many points in a row did they get with Ushiwaka serving there?
Five?
Six.
That's more than a third of what they need to win!
Hinata's coming back out now, though.
Pull something off again!
Yeah!
Give us a good serve, Narita!
Give us a good one!
Here I go!
Sorry!
Tendou!
Asahi!
It's not Kageyama setting. I need to wait to jump!
But I can do first tempo with anyone!
One blocker!
All right!
Go, go, Karasuno!
We're just two points behind!
Is your eye okay, Hinata?
Yep!
Well, that was a weird way to do a receive.
My hands couldn't get up in time, so I thought about receiving it with my face,
but I didn't want it to hit my nose either.
What?!
So you turned your face because you could see it coming?
Well, if I got a nosebleed, I'd have to go back to the bench.
After I heard about Karasuno's first-year duo,
and then when he stole my ball at school,
I had high hopes.
I hoped he was like the other small yet talented players I've met.
But I was wrong.
I couldn't feel the same polished skills or intelligence in him.
But...
now I understand.
Something about him annoys me.
I haven't once doubted that we would win.
But right now, I distinctly want to...
hand you a crushing defeat.
Give us a good serve, Kazuhito!
All right, keep it up.
Don't give up!
Oh, hey, look!
Kageyama's warming up!
He's going back in!
Oohira!
All right!
I can taste blood in my mouth.
I wonder if Shouyou's in pain after all.
Though having someone there to dig out a block is reassuring, isn't it?
Earlier, he stayed back because only Azumane could've realistically spiked it,
but normally, Karasuno has everyone who can attack go for it.
Their thought process is less about what to do when they get blocked, and more about how to prevent it.
So as soon as they get blocked, they're basically done for.
Though we did get yelled at about staying back to dig out a block quite a bit back in the day.
If I were the coach, I'd do the same thing.
Actually, even as a player, I can't help but hope that someone digs out a blocked ball.
It's scary otherwise.
Yes! Good job, Wakatoshi!
Goshiki!
Cut off the cross-court spike...
and have Daichi in the path of a straight spike!
Bring it on!
I'm gonna take my chance with a straight spike!
Sorry! It went long!
Suga!
If we go for what's safe right now, it'll mean we never changed!
They're going to do it again!
Aren't they scared it'll fail?
Full-team synchronized attack!
Judging by his form, he won't do a backward set.
I haven't seen him do any combo attacks with number ten.
So it'll probably go to the guy with the beard in the back...
No.
We'll do that again next time.
I know.
It's because I fell into these thought patterns that I'm losing.
"Is there a set coming for me?"
I'm not going to think about that.
"I'm just going to hit it."
Boo-yah, boo-yah, boo-yah!
By going to attack with that in mind, the opposing blockers become confused.
Boo-yah!
You can tell by looking at them.
I can't believe Sugawara was able to fearlessly charge in like that after being shut down last time!
I'm sure he's scared, but I guess it's important to have a strong determination to attack to overpower the fear.
Satori!
Stick your hands up, damn it!
I don't care if you wind up guessin' wrong!
I put you in there knowing damn well that might be a possibility!
Yessir.
Here he comes!
Are you finally back, Tiredpants?
Watch the back of your head.
Give us a good serve, Kageyama!
He's able to serve like that right after subbing back in?!
It's coming back!
You can score here! Watch out for... Got i—
Got it!
He's setting it straight away?
Damn!
There it is! He hit it straight down!
I-I didn't really see it, but everything's so fast!
They're just one point behind!
Now I really don't know who's going to win!
That bastard!
Great job, Hinata!
I thought that our usual fast attack would've been enough of a surprise, but this time he came at me on purpose!
That was awesome!
Thanks!
That's really dangerous, you dumbass!
Go, go!
Hey! You guys aren't being loud enough!
You can do it!
Ushijima!
Now they're into double digits.
Focus on one point at a time!
His serves are intense.
You can't let him get going!
Hey, why isn't Semi our starting setter?
He's way better than Shirabu, to be honest.
It all depends on what you consider to be better.
I like Shirabu's reliability myself.
I know what I lack compared to Shirabu.
It's the need to show just how good I am.
Even though I know our setter doesn't need that right now, I can't stop it.
But I'm free to go all-out with my serves!
A service ace!
All right!
Nice serve, Semi!
Semi!
I have to find the right words to say to them.
Shiratorizawa!
Don't stay quiet!
This is exactly when we should be cheering!
Shiratorizawa!
We're going to finish this.
Yeah.
Eita, hit another serve like—
Fire it up, fire it up, Karasuno! Get it, get it, Karasuno!
Go, go, Karasuno!
Below lies the City of Trees, Sendai!
And when you look up, the magnificent Sendai Castle!
Fire it up, fire it up, Karasuno! Get it, get it, Karasuno!
Our school, our glorious Shiratorizawa Academy!
Fire it up...
Our glorious Shiratorizawa Academy!
Give us an other good serve, Eita!
Here's our chance to score!
Wakatoshi!
That far from the net?!
All right!
He stopped it!
Shouyou!
N-Nice blo—
Wait, was that a block?
I told him to do a soft block, but that was more like an insanely close receive.
I'd be too scared of getting whacked in the face to pull that off!
Now Karasuno's into double digits too!
Now Karasuno's in the double digits too!
Yes! All right! Yeah!
Don't get so excited about dumb luck!
That was a block that got in the way of a receive.
Ushijima, you must have some work left to do if you got stopped by a nameless first-year.
I guess so.
Ushijima is a great ace that always has people watching him.
It's no surprise that his spikes get stopped sometimes.
But getting blocked by such a tiny first-year is different.
Hinata, you're serving next.
Right!
He actually had the instinct to jump back at that moment...
Yeah!
Narita, go in for a spike whenever you like. I'll sync up with your timing.
R-Right.
Get out there!
We're counting on you!
Go, Yamaguchi!
Don't hold back.
There's not a single thing for you to be scared of.
I'll be aiming to hit it diagonally right at Ushiwaka,
but there's no point if I don't hit it hard too.
Hayato!
Damn it!
We can score here!
Got it!
Here we go!
Synchronized attack!
Come here!
Come right over here!
All rig—
Yes!
He touched the net?! Talk about lucky!
I think there's more to it than just luck!
If we keep hitting them hard, they're going to start pushing back.
Damn it...
It's all yours!
Wakatoshi!
Wait! Take it slow!
Ready, and... jump!
Despite all these barriers we've put up, it's still not enough to stop him?!
Got it!
We didn't sync up!
All right! We tied it up!
That was a little high. I'll correct it for next time.
No, uh... Sure.
This is your first time working together, yet you went for a fast attack?!
Do it again, Yamaguchi!
Did I hit it too far?
Let it go!
All right!
Sorry I didn't decide fast enough.
No, uh... Damn it!
Yamaguchi!
Nice serve, Yamaguchi!
Thanks!
Timeout!
What's the matter, Goshiki?
Why would you have any reason to panic with all of your talent?
Shiratorizawa!
You're right.
We'll stop it next time.
He doesn't dress up his words, nor are they ambiguous.
Right!
There's no encouragement—only the truth.
Shiratorizawa!
What other words are needed from one great ace to another?
They turned it around!
That's three points in a row!
Holy crap!
They might just win this thing!
Win!
Win this, Karasuno!
All right!
That's perfect, Oohira.
Whoa. That angle was brutal.
They got that over the incomplete block perfectly!
Goshiki!
I'm sure he wanted to make up for his last serve receive.
Great job, Yamaguchi.
Leave the rest to me!
But you're going to be switching out soon with Nishinoya.
Tsutomu, keep calm!
I know!
Let's do this!
Bring it!
Damn it all!
Isn't number eight supposed to be the impulsive type?!
Tsutomu is the only first-year in our starting lineup.
Don't underestimate him.
Noya!
All right!
Nice spike, Ushijima!
They've got Karasuno on the ropes.
Ushijima!
Four-eyes isn't here, either.
I wonder how they're gonna survive this match point.
One more point! One more point!
Nice receive!
Synchronized attack!
All right!
You actually made the guy who just received the ball spike it?
It's a deuce.
They should be running out of stamina by now, yet they're all still able to run around like that.
Toying with us using their strength in numbers...
I have no choice but to admit that it's an effective method of attack.
Coach!
I won't lose to anyone when it comes to receiving, and I can jump really high, so I'm confident in my attacks!
Right.
Now you just have to get a bit taller.
I'm so small that I can't even fight?
I'm going to lose to someone just because they're tall?
One more!
One more, please!
No one here is "just" tall.
I understand that.
I envy them, and they annoy me,
yet I admire them greatly.
Do I want a way to fight in spite of my short stature?
No, I...
If they can't score twice in a row, Karasuno's going to keep being in danger.
Their stamina and concentration could run out at any moment.
Just get the ball from Shiratorizawa's powerful cannon up any way you can.
Give us a good serve, Daichi!
It's not gonna make it!
There's gotta be a limit on aiming for the net!
Goshiki!
Right!
Keep the rally going!
The last hit is all yours, Kageyama!
This is our chance! Spike it again!
They made our setter receive it.
Ushijima!
Don't panic.
If we mess up the timing, it's all over.
Ready, and... jump!
Do I want a way to fight in spite of my short stature?
No, I...
want a simple strength that can bend anything to my will.
Whoa! They're not giving up!
Damn it! It's taking all they have just to get the ball back over the net!
A rally where both sides are low on stamina and are fighting for momentum...
Don't let your energy run out, and don't stop hitting the ball.
It hasn't hit the ground yet!
Get it!
This point!
We have to get it, no matter what!
Shut up! We're the better team!
All right!
Nice spike, Ushijima!
Ushijima!
One more point! One more point!
This is bad. They're all gloomy now.
But we don't have any more timeo—
Don't you dare look down!
Volleyball...
is a sport where you're always looking up!
Hitoka!
A-Are you okay?
I'm not used to taking stairs two at a time...
All right!
Now that Yacchan's back, it's finally time for the counterattack!
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"The Volleyball Freaks."
Got a wish that can't be forced through
Barely hanging on and staying true
With a little help from timing and your crew
You can still stay standing
Wanna take the fight head-on
Might get lost, but keep on keeping on
'Cause that's where your chance lies
The rest is up to you, yes
The rest is up to you
Make your dreams and ideals come true
Or sit tight and let the future pass on through
The rest is up to you
You ain't the luckiest of guys
And you ain't anywhere near wise
The winds of change are too bright for your eyes
But you wanna have all the luck
Stuff all the wisdom junk in your trunk
And live holding your head up high
The rest is up to you, yes
It's all up to you People might call you naive
And say you're not doing it right
But the rest is up to you
Don't lose your way, and push on anew
It's all up to you
Light a fire in every cell of your body
By taking a deep, long breath
Turn your blood and tears into offerings
Carry a torch fueled by your desires
And scream out at full volume Let there be light
With a prayer for the future, start your sprint
Let there be light, use the dark as your runway
And sprint through the path you chose
Let there be light, believe in the glory within your grasp
And run headlong into the despair in front of you
Let there be light
There is only one reason I kick the ground
It is so I shine brighter and soar higher than before
Let there be light, so that your brilliance of today
Shows your friends who are lost The way to the future
To those who bear the cross of their dreams
The warriors who seek eternal glory Let there be light
Episode Eight: An Annoying Guy
Episode Nine: The Volleyball Freaks Fly Fly
Karasuno                  Shiratorizawa
Shiratorizawa                 Karasuno
Shiratorizawa                  Karasuno
Be Courageous Warriors Be Courageous Warriors
Shiratorizawa                 Karasuno
Shiratorizawa                  Karasuno
Shiratorizawa                   Karasuno
Karasuno High School vs. Shiratorizawa Academy
Karasuno High School vs. Shiratorizawa Academy !!
!!
Haikyuu Haikyuu !!
Haikyuu !!
Haikyuu